v0.1.11 release (#69)
ZcashFoundation/zcash_script: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased] - ReleaseDate

## [0.1.11] - 2023-02-24

### Changed

> - Make dependencies automatically upgrade to match Zebra dependency versions

Author: ```suggestion
- Make dependencies automatically upgrade to match its parent project if a later minor version is already included
```

- Updated `bindgen` to a non yanked version

<!-- next-url -->
[Unreleased]: https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zcash_script/compare/v0.1.11...HEAD

> [0.1.11]: https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zcash_script/compare/{{tag_name}}...v0.1.11
> [0.1.10]: https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zcash_script/compare/v0.1.10...v0.1.11

Reviewer: Something got a bit messed up here?

```suggestion
[0.1.11]: https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zcash_script/compare/v0.1.10...v0.1.11
```
